COVID-19 RESOURCES
LIT CAMS (200 Free Tokens)ADULT TOYSVOD MOVIES
Try the free LITEROTICA WEBCAMS!
Live Webcams
384 Models Online Now!
Swipe to see who's online now!
Close 
Interracial Love
Indian Mom's Debauchery
Page 3
INDIAN MOM'S DEBAUCHERY
PUBLIC BETA
Note: You can change font size, font face, and turn on dark mode by clicking the "A" icon tab in the Story Info Box.

You can temporarily switch back to a Classic Literotica® experience during our ongoing public Beta testing. Please consider leaving feedback on issues you experience or suggest improvements.

Click here
jhallo
jhallo
1 Stories36 Followers
"So you were a virgin on your wedding night? What a lucky dude Sridhar was to deflower you."

I was startled to hear that bluntness from Allan. Publicly he was a proper gentleman but in private he was a brash dude.

What surprised me most was mom's reaction. She didn't seem to bother or feel embarrassed. Instead I heard her giggle.

"Yes, I did save myself for the wedding night". She looked over her shoulder towards the kitchen and lowered her voice. But I could still hear her words.

"Aha. I see! So how is your sex life? Did you ever sleep with other guys?" Allan lowered his voice too.

"Nope. Sridhar was very good in bed. Never needed anyone else." Mom told firmly.

"Oh come on. How would you enjoy life if you do not taste other men" Allan hold his ground. "And you have a body to die for. I am sure many men would love to make love to you." His volume was so low I struggled to hear from kitchen.

Mom giggled again but didn't protest or tried to divert the topic. She was definitely enjoying the conversation.

I never heard her speaking about her private life to anyone, let alone a relative stranger like Allan. But I also noticed how comfortable she was talking all these when her son was home. She had really opened herself up to him.

"Tell me why you didn't have more children? Did Sridhar not want more?" Allan asked.

"Yes he did want more. But I was not ready. One was enough for me. Sridhar always had a very demanding job, so it would have been quite difficult to raise more kids all by my own. Plus more kids would take toll on my body. Then no man would like to make love to me, you know". She lowered her voice almost to an inaudible level. I really struggled to hear that but didn't fail to recognise the flirtatious tone in her voice.

This last sentence was like a thunderbolt struck me. What had I heard? Was she serious or just teasing Allan. Even if teasing, she went too far. I could clearly sense the sexual tension building between them. They were like a naughty couple dancing to an erotic tune.

Before it went too far, I decided to intervene. I moved out of the kitchen with my coffee mug and declared my arrival.

"Hey Allan, did you watch the baseball last night? Red sox were incredible." I knew he was a baseball fan.

"Yes they were." Allan replied still looking at mom.

"Right. I think I should go now. Thanks for the coffee, Anjali" Allan got up.

"Don't forget the shopping this Saturday". He said to mom before saying bye and stepped out of the house. I heard the engine of the car outside revved up before he drove away.

"What was that all about, the shopping thing?" I quizzed mom.

"Oh nothing. Allan wants to go for shopping and he wants some female opinion to buy

a wedding gift. He has a wedding to attend on Sunday". Mom replied nonchalantly.

I was aghast but secretly admired his guts. He had the balls to make a pass at my mom and yet persuaded her to help him shopping. And my feeling became stronger than ever that he was sneakily trying to get in between my mom's caramel brown legs. Shopping was just a ploy. But I didn't care as long he was making steady progress towards mom's pussy.

"Is he going to pick you up? I hope he treats you nicely." I smiled to which mom replied with a smile.

Chapter 5:

Came Saturday and mom dressed up in a salwar kameez with light jewellery. She had done hina mehendi on her hands and a bindi on her forehead.

Sharp at 2 pm I heard Allan's SUV pulled in.

"How am I looking.?" Mom asked.

"Beautiful" I replied.

As soon I heard the doorbell, I ran to open the door. Allan was standing there with a bouquet.

"Is Anjali ready?" He asked.

Mom came out to greet Allan. He was literally awestruck to see mom in that attire. His jaw dropped.

Seeing his reaction mom couldn't help but laughed.

"You look stunning." Allan came out of the spell. He handed over the bouquet to mom.

"Ohh, thank you." Mom handed over the bouquet to me and asked Allan "Shall we go now?"

Within minutes they drove away.

I shut the door and came back to the living room and made myself comfortable on the sofa.

Those fantasies started cloud my mind again. Was Allan going to seduce mom today and took her to his place? Was mom going to resist? What if Allan forced his way on to mom?

Would she give in? So many thoughts gathered my mind. But one thing was clear. I wanted Allan and mom to fuck no matter how. A beautiful lady like my mom needed to be fucked by a hunk like Allan.

I jerked off couple of times thinking all these. In the end I was quite exhausted and dozed off on the sofa.

I must have slept for hours because when I woke up it was dark outside. I checked the clock and it was 7 o'clock in the evening. Gosh it had been 5 hours already since they went out, I thought.

Those were the days when mobile phones were not ubiquitous, so I couldn't check on their status.

I watched some TV, ordered pizza, did some college assignment before the clock struck 10. Still there was no sign of mom returning. I started to get a bit worried.

It was around 10:30 when I heard the SUV pulled into our driveway. I almost ran off to the door when I heard the doorbell. Allan and Mom were standing outside the door. Allan's hand wrapped around mom's waist. Mom looked tipsy.

"Take care of your mom. I think she's bit drunk" Allan chuckled.

I got a bit anxious but mom assured me with her smile. They said good night to each other. Allan drove away saying good night to me as well.

I took mom inside and locked the door. She sat on the sofa and let out a sigh. She looked a bit tired now.

"How was your day, mom" I asked.

After a brief pause she replied with a smile, "Allan is a gentleman. Look what she bought me." Mom showed me a cute new nose ring. That looked expensive.

"I asked him not to buy but he was adamant. He said it look great on me." Mom chuckled.

I thought she would look sexier (may be a bit slutty) in that.

"Then he took me to dinner in a nice restaurant, we had few drinks and he insisted to see a movie. I think he is my best friend now." Mom's eyes lit up when she said the last sentence. She clearly meant it.

I could see the pattern. Surely Allan had won her heart first and slowly progressing towards pussy. One thing was for sure, Allan was not going to force his way. He was a charmer, a seducer and not a rapist.

"That's nice. I hope he too enjoyed the evening with you".

Mom smiled at me. That told me she had her feminine charm on Allan too. So it's now a seduction game between them.

"I'm off to bed, quite tired." She yawned and walked off.

Did they fuck. Did they have oral sex inside the movie theatre? Was mom hiding that part from me? I had to find out.

About 15 to 20 minutes later when I didn't hear any sound from her bedroom, I got up and tiptoed into the master bedroom. The door didn't have a functioning lock.

Inside, mom had changed into her night gown and sleeping on the bed. I gingerly moved to the bed to check if there was any tell-tale sign of sex. I opened the laundry basket. There was a black panty lying on top of the heap, probably she had worn that evening.

I inspected the crotch area. There was little bit of dampness with her usual smell but nothing suspicious. I put the panty back in the basket and came out of the room.

They hadn't had sex that evening was my conclusion.

Chapter 6:

This became a regular thing for the next couple of months. Whenever dad was out on tour, Allan used to come our home and chat for hours with mom. I often found him home when came back from college. Sometimes they went to "shopping date", "dinner date", "movie date" together leaving me at home. Needless to say, I never told a word about this to dad neither did mom. I was quietly enjoying their shenanigans.

I was not sure if they already had sex but going by their body language, I thought that was the only missing bit in the puzzle. They had still not slept together. Also, I noticed a gradual impatience creeping in Allan. That suggested me he had not achieved his holy grail yet. He had yet to sink his manhood in the divine nectar in mom's honey pot. Mom was playing the game well, perhaps better. She knew once Allan had this, she would have no power on Allan or herself.

Fall gave way to winter. Mercury was dipping every passing day. We already had first snow of the season. We had never experienced snow in Mumbai. So it was a novelty to us. Everything around looked so beautiful. Everyone around looked happy.

It was just before Christmas. My college was already closed until after new year. Dad just came back from another tour. He had taken holidays from Christmas until New Year's Day. We were making plan about things to do during that time off and for my mom's impending birthday which was on the 31st.

The three of us were discussing that sitting on the sofa, suddenly the phone rang. I was closest to the phone, so I picked up. It was Allan on the other side. He asked me if everyone was there and to put the phone on speaker. He sounded kind of ominous.

"It's Allan." I said to mom and dad and put the speaker on.

"Hey Allan" Dad said.

"Hey Sridhar, hi Anjali. Apologies first. I know it's not the right time to call but there is something urgent I need to say."

There was pin drop silence in the room.

"Go on" Dad broke the silence.

"I just received a report from John in our Phoenix office that they found several serious flaws in one of our client's account. This account was supposed to be settled by end of the year. They are one of our biggest clients so we can't go lax on them." Allan paused.

"Now Michael was in charge of the client, but he is on holiday in Europe. And you know John can't handle this alone. He is simply not qualified to make amendments to that account. So I'm afraid you are the only person I could think of who can take care of this mess. You are in the know. You have to go to Phoenix after Christmas, do whatever it takes, settle the account before we deliver to our client after New Year's Day. I know it's a lot to ask for especially you have taken holidays too, but you know you're the only one I could trust in this situation."

"But..it's my wife's birthday on..." Dad couldn't complete his sentence.

"That's why I asked Sandeep to put the phone on speaker. I have to apologise to Anjali and Sandeep profoundly for taking you away on her birthday. But I'll make sure that her birthday is not ruined. Sandeep and I will make every effort to make her feel special on the day. Sandeep are you with me?" Allan knew about mom's birthday.

That was the moment. I knew if I wanted my fantasy to materialize that was the perfect opportunity. That birthday she was perhaps going to get the best gift of her life. A brand new cock. Allan's cock. And I was the last frontier stood between them. I had to say yes.

"Of course I'm with you Allan. Dad, you need not worry about mom's birthday. Allan and I will take care of everything. You finish your work there and come back. We will not make her complaint about anything." I tried to hide my excitement.

"There you go. Anjali, are you okay with that?" Allan asked.

"If he has to go, I can't stop him. Work always come in the way." Mom pulled a sad face with disappointment in her voice.

Not sure if that was genuine or was she faking it. She knew the deal of course.

"Awww. Don't get disheartened Anjali. I'll personally be there to celebrate your birthday. Of course it won't be the same without Sridhar. At least I'll try my best to make you happy, I promise." Allan said.

I knew what he meant; mom knew what he meant. Only dad didn't.

I felt sorry for my poor dad. He was working his ass off to make his family happy. And behind his back, his beautiful wife was having an affair with his boss. And his son was making sure that his mom got her pussy filled by her lover's dick.

"I'll ask my secretary to arrange for tickets, accommodation and everything. You will come back on the 1st and John will take care of the rest from there." Allan disconnected the phone.

It was obvious, dad was not happy at all. Who could be? But he could not ignore call of duty either.

I was not sure what to make of it. Was it mere co-incidence that this fiasco came into light at this time, or was this by design? Allan planned it meticulously. Was he alone in hatching the plan or mom had a hand in it? Lot of questions came to my mind but the truth would perhaps never be known.

I couldn't gauge mom's emotion though. Apparently, she looked very disappointed, but inside she might be excited that finally the time had come. And so did I.

Dad departed for Phoenix on the morning after Christmas.

Shortly after I got a call from Allan. He asked me to meet him the next day. He wanted to plan a surprise party for mom's birthday. He said it would be an exclusive party for 3 of us only.

He was on the right track, I thought.

I met Allan at the shopping mall the next day. We sat in a café to chalk out a rough plan for 31st. Obviously that did not involve the special time he would spend with mom.

"I thought that I will buy her some gift. And I need your help on that" He said.

"Ok" I replied.

He took me to Victoria's Secret and straight to the lingerie section. He gestured towards the panties section and said

"Do you want me to buy your mom one of those". He was pointing to a sheer lace panty that was displayed on a rack. He had a wicked smile on his face.

Embarrassed and red in the face, I just smiled weakly.

"Ha ha ha" he laughed and patted me on the shoulder.

Now this was brazen and I found my blood flowing into my dick.

He choose a mauve camisole on one of the mannequin that ends just below the crotch. And a black matching thong to go with that.

"Does your mom have them?" He asked.

Well I had no clue about my mom's private wardrobe but I never saw her wearing a camisole before.

"I think not" I replied.

"Ok, let me buy 'em for her".

I had no doubt that it was going to be a special day for mom. A lot of things would be new to her. A camisole, a thong, perhaps a white cock. I only wished that I had the opportunity to witness them.

The master bedroom had a malfunctioning lock that needed to be fixed. Two days before her birthday I told mom that I was going to replace it with a new one. It was broken for a long time.

So I remove the old lock, and drilled the keyhole a lot bigger. Then I pretended there was something wrong with the new lock that it couldn't be fixed and I needed to buy a new one.

Mom being ignorant of my ploy believed me. Obviously, she didn't know anything about DIY work and didn't suspect a thing.

The fateful day had finally arrived. 31st December, end of the year and mom's birthday too. It was the coldest day of the season and there were forecast of heavy snow overnight.

In the morning, dad called from Phoenix and talked to mom for hours. I could imagine he was profoundly apologetic about not being home. But mom didn't look all that sad.

It had started snowing sporadically by the afternoon, but the intensity grew as day gave way to night.

In the evening, Mom was all dressed up in another one of her silk sarees with sleeveless blouse. This accentuated her curves, and anyone could figure out the contours of her body. She had kept her silky smooth hair untied and had put on some light makeup. She had also put on the nose ring that Allan had given her the other day. She was looking cute albeit a bit sexier with the nose ring on. She had her usual mangalsutra dangling just above her boobs, pinch of sindur on the parting of hair and bangles in both hand. She was looking a perfect mother and wife.

I was dressed in jeans and t -shirt as usual.

It was evening around 7 pm when Allan showed up at the door.

"Where is the birthday girl?" his voice boomed across the house.

Mom came out to the living room smiling.

Allan caught her unaware by suddenly opening his arms wide and hugging her. She was taken aback but Allan was a strong man and he made sure that her fleshy body pressed against his rock solid one. In the process I saw his right hand travel through length of her back and rest on her buttocks.

He then did something that took me by surprise. He planted a kiss on mom's lips. It was an audible smooch which frankly I didn't expect.

Mom pulled back surprised too and looked at me not knowing what to say. She was not expecting that especially in front of her son.

I just smiled sheepishly.

Allan released his grip on mom.

"Look what I have brought you" Allan said and handed over the gift to mom.

By that time she had gathered her wits. "What is it?"

"Surprise" Allan said.

Mom took out a packet in the cover and opened it. Immediately she understood what it was. I saw a look of embarrassment in her face. She put them back in the cover.

"Only for you" Allan said.

Mom lowered her eyes and walked away towards the bedroom to keep it along with her things.

"I want you to wear it tonight" Allan's voice boomed from behind.

"Later" said my mom in a low voice, obviously shy.

The party with the three of us went off well. Mom cut the birthday cake that I brought in the morning.

We had ordered food from a restaurant. Mom had made a special dessert.

After the dinner Allan opened a bottle of red wine. He brought several with him. He poured wine to his and mom's glass and I got myself some soft drink.

It was close to 11 pm now and the city was beginning to anticipate the coming of the new year. The snow became heavier outside. But inside it was warm and cosy.

"What do we do now?" I asked.

"Whatever the birthday girl wishes." Allan announced.

"Well, we could watch some movie". Mom replied.

"Good. I have a DVD of Titanic. You all okay with that." I asked.

Both nodded.

While I was busy putting the DVD on, mom took her wine glass and sat on the main sofa. Immediately Allan took his place next to mom and said

"Tonight let me be with the special lady. Would you mind. Sandeep?" I startled. This was not in plan. But what else could I do.

"I'm all good. She is your lady tonight". I showed mock surrender.

Allan looked at me and smiled. Mom gave me a puzzled look.

I sat on the other lounge chair perpendicular to the main sofa. I could see what was happening there from the corner of my eye. I put the lights off.

The movie was on, but my mind was elsewhere. From time to time I could see they were talking at a low voice perhaps not to disturb me.

Allan poured some more wine in both their glasses. Mom had started showing the effect. She was getting a bit tipsy. I knew she had a low alcohol tolerance.

Around 15 minutes have passed.

She folded her knees and put her feet up on the sofa now. In the process she cosied up a bit and came closer to Allan. Allan sensed the opportunity and put his arm around her shoulder.

The room was dark, only light reflecting from the TV screen. In that light I could see they have started whispering in each other's ear. Occasionally they were smiling quietly. They were certainly not paying attention to the movie.

Allan poured some more wine in her glass.

She took a sip, put the glass on the side table and snuggled up further in Allan's arm. She now rested her head on Allan's shoulder.

Allan looked at her and placed a light peck on her forehead, and then on her exposed cheek, then chin and finally on her lips.

Mom looked up, their eyes met. A couple of seconds and Allan placed his lips fully on mom's mouth. He started kissing her lips without making sound.

From the corner of my eye, I could see mom opened her mouth and took his lips in. She was kissing back. I could not see clearly in the darkness, but I thought I saw Allan's tongue probing inside mom's mouth.


REPORT
jhallo
jhallo
1 Stories36 Followers
12345
Page #
LITEROTICA LIVE WEBCAMS
Marussia__LuxuryMARUSSIA__LUXURY
is online now
Next
English
HomeStoriesTagsWebcams
SeriesSearchChatMovies
PoetryForumFAQAdult Toys
All contents © Copyright 1996-2022. Literotica is a registered trademark.

Version 1.78.7+a790d2c0c.a5b3e9f

Mobile SiteT.O.S.PrivacyReport a Problem